-- CSS Setup and Selectors --

    CSS can change the look of HTML elements. In order to do this, CSS must select HTML elements, then apply styles to them.
    CSS can select HTML elements by tag, class, or ID.
    Multiple CSS classes can be applied to one HTML element.
    Classes can be reusable, while IDs can only be used once.
    IDs are more specific than classes, and classes are more specific than tags. That means IDs will override any styles from a class, and classes will override any styles from a tag selector.
    Multiple selectors can be chained together to select an element. This raises the specificity, but can be necessary.
    Nested elements can be selected by separating selectors with a space.
    The !important flag will override any style, however it should almost never be used, as it is extremely difficult to override.
    Multiple unrelated selectors can receive the same styles by separating the selector names with commas.



-- CSS Visual Rules --

    CSS declarations are structured into property and value pairs.
    The font-family property defines the typeface of an element.
    font-size controls the size of text displayed.
    font-weight defines how thin or thick text is displayed.
    The text-align property places text in the left, right, or center of its parent container.
    Text can have two different color attributes: color and background-color. color defines the color of the text, while background-color defines the color behind the text.
    CSS can make an element transparent with the opacity property.
    CSS can also set the background of an element to an image with the background-image property.



-- Display and Positioning --

    The position property allows you to specify the position of an element in three different ways.
    When set to relative, an element's position is relative to its default position on the page.
    When set to absolute, an element's position can be pinned to any part of the web page, but the element will still move out of view when the page is scrolled.
    When set to fixed, an element's position can be pinned to any part of the web page. The element will remain in view no matter what.
    The z-index of an element specifies how far back or how far forward an element appears on the page.
    The float property can move elements as far left or as far right as possible on a web page.
    You can clear an element's left or right side (or both) using the clear property.